break up each night is 20 minutes after
8:00 everyone get up it's time to go
after Nana now come on shake a leg have
some juice and scrambled egg onto flown
out the door let's get away don't
exaggerate
Yeah right will you get out of my face I
need to blow my nose and my social goals
and my shoelace as adults
no this is mine and that one's yours
that's enough everybody give us stuff
because it going out the door
every time we get into Sakai is so much
work it takes the line don't know I'm
gonna hit you yeah just try it
Rosa all right that's it now I forbid
either one of you to say I'm tired I'm
hungry - no need to move my body gonna
use the thought see better stop the car
oh yeah I'm really sure huh huh ah your
fault no it's not your leg is in my spot
uncle you be quiet once I close for you
- not
every time you take a flip it's always
just the same that the fighting on some
fighting ones are crawling around those
names that they're pushing and the
shoving and the scratching on the net
then they finally get going everybody
oh you move your legs right here